README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ianthehenry/effing.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/ianthehenry/effing)

# effing.js

Some handy function functions for JavaScript, minus the docs and examples and such.

# Functionoids

The following things are coerced into functions by effing.js:

- `null` becomes a no-op function
- `undefined` becomes a no-op function
- `[fn, args...]` returns a partially applied function
- `[context, method, args...]` returns a partially applied function with a bound context
- `[context, 'methodName', args...]` looks up the function on the context and returns it bound to the context with partially applied arguments

Anywhere effing.js expects a function argument, it will be happy with a functionoid instead.

# Curried binary operators

In Haskell you can say:

    isMinor = (< 18)

In f'ing JavaScript, you have to say:

    var isMinor = f.lt(18);

This is important: the relational operators all curry backwards. This means that `f.lt(foo)` is the same as `function(x) { return x < foo; }`, not `function(x) { foo < x; }`.

This *tends* to be a lot more useful, and hopefully is expected.

    var isEven = f.comp(f.eq(0), f.mod(2));

This isn't implemented even a little bit yet.

Commit message:

functionoid conversion treats multiple arguments as it would the list of those arguments

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ianthehenry/effing.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/ianthehenry/effing)

# effing.js

Some handy function functions for JavaScript, minus the docs and examples and such.

# Functionoids

The following things are coerced into functions by `effing.js`:

- `null` becomes a no-op function
- `undefined` becomes a no-op function
- `[fn, args...]` returns a partially applied function
- `[context, method, args...]` returns a partially applied function with a bound context
- `[context, 'methodName', args...]` looks up the function on the context and returns it bound to the context with partially applied arguments

Anywhere effing.js expects a function argument, it will be happy with a functionoid instead.

The `[context, ...]` functionoids don't allow `Function`s to be used as contexts. `effing.js` can't read your mind.

# Functionoid conversion

`effing.js` exports a function, usually called `f`, that will convert functionoids into normal functions.

When called with one argument, it follows the rules above. When called with no arguments, it returns a no-op function. When called with more than one argument, it behaves as if it were invoked with the arguments in a list.

So `f(fn, arg)` produces a partially applied function, for example, as if you had called `f([fn, arg])`.


In Haskell you can say:

    isMinor = (< 18)

In f'ing JavaScript, you have to say:

    var isMinor = f.lt(18);

This is important: the relational operators all curry backwards. This means that `f.lt(foo)` is the same as `function(x) { return x < foo; }`, not `function(x) { foo < x; }`.

This *tends* to be a lot more useful, and hopefully is expected.

    var isEven = f.comp(f.eq(0), f.mod(2));

This isn't implemented even a little bit yet.
